And, well, youtube people are welcome.
to the channel
today I bring you one more
novelty I bought a few three
months ago
exact three months ago in here
this to see lope
I think he arrived to add
my collection with it it's a cartridge
in the afternoon with the possibility of you
put a sd card a sd card you
places all the streets you
Internet
and then you have several games in one
cartridges without the need
buying several games that really
games are expensive
it's much cheaper you buy this
cartridge download all games and put
in him
so I think it's the best way out was e
if it is true that his name to harmony
for those who in no hurry can afford a
much better price on the open market is
you find from 200 to 300
I paid 178 direct purchase of the site
them but it takes time to arrive
it took exactly three months to arrive
As you can see here I bought it on
February 15th
but we are exactly on May 15
It was three months but I did not have to
this important to get you buy
Direct from the site is the site atari and ge.com
you go products already have the direct option
to pay by paypal ie school or
the way of sending
I even chose without a trace and stayed
I worried I would not receive more
then until a surprise receives today was
A surprise to me so I'm
crazy to open see how it works
the work together
on manual paper
his manual
opa attack the harmony
this is the cartridge it is mounted on top
an original cartridge I think
they get a cartridge that does not work
more and then make an adaptation of that
is practically cut by hand here as well
right up to the SD card slot
input usb here if I'm not mistaken it's for
update his system as I already
I was expecting a cartridge.
I had already prepared a sd card of one
giga gives to notice a lot of good has
some 7800 atari games and also runs
runs on all shortcuts that were in
box 2 600 in case if you have a
Attack of the self or 5 200 with adapter for
to vote the 2 600 cartridge will also go
run ok so I've voted the games
I like the most
I do not know how it works now I'm going
fit here in dog so let's go
test there tomorrow
Good people, he called, he goes into the menu.
here written there I have the folder is 7
800 because with atari 7800 games here
the afternoon binder 2 600 team games and 2
600 I put the games that I most
taste
then our the 2gb memory card
he is having a lot of space and has
But if it plays well then I'll get the
control control and I will choose here
just 2 600
I clicked in I got everyone's name
the games I go in the game that I think the most
cool it was a bottle blow plays
Actually, to change the game, you have to
turn the appliance off and on again
in the menu chose the game again
Let's do it again at 2 600 Catch
I 'm going to have several games
I think the banks look really cool.
ripping everything is very good for me
in season
Let's save the headlines.
world of haia this is a game that I do not
I have like to have but even
now I found the gun and easily
solve the problem
pa ra save my friend for a track
with staff then this is the fourth show
harmony several games not only much more
easy to turn off and on to enter menu
as I explained earlier choose
here there is one more thing goes to choke
to touch the fear generated a device not
It has to be in control, it does not go away.
pass the selector here a school here
17 800 clothes 2 600 but you have to give
in case of pressing the control button
So I ask you to continue choosing the
games are putting down only on the
selector switch I can let affect the
arrive faster
the dragon good ride our dragon
Let's vote but our chicken boots
start this started the game
so this is the cartridge harmony thing
you have all the games in a cartridge only
very good price that would buy all
the games that have to leave
ten times the price I paid is that
I hope you have enjoyed this one more.
video
who like a jewel and sign in
channel
Something else a big hug to
all